figure out Utah about Daniel summit the
Wasatch Range you don't here for about
the last 20 days doing some work for
players industries can hear in the
background we've got some sleds going
it's beautiful out been riding all week
actually last 30 days with this
slingshot 302 aw lowepro talk about a
sick pack you know everyone's gotta pack
everyone's got a favor pack whatever the
company may be whatever it may does but
when you're back here like 10,000 feet
and you're ripping in the mountains you
can't be Holland a ton of gear around
I'm just gonna beat yourself up you're
going to be shot you're not going to
have a good time GoPro came up with this
one here simple device one shoulder
strap around it's got six features I
mean you're going to that country for
day going here something drink hoodie
couple flashes whatever lightweight
durable you open up this thing and this
is a great thing about this is like when
you are wearing this pack you can also
just sling it around your waist and fold
it open right in front of your chest
someone here and actually today I'm
packing pretty light kind on the last
day kind of having some fun but
essentially you know there's a quick
setup I can pull up on a cornice
backcountry and the trees stop for two
seconds have this camera out and start
shooting well my buddies are getting
ready to jump or do some hill climb in
or just and Boone back in so very
spacious like another lens here very
simple another little lens here it's got
room for like four or five just like
nice fixed lens is easily you know
another battery but like I said today is
just traveling traveling light put a
little chip holders and casing of that
whatnot
so that being said I think vocals not
drug park with this one folks like this
is just a cig pack and it goes on quick
you know you just swing it around your
shoulder essentially right there little
waist back off riding Thanks low